---
layout: post
type: research
categories: [Research, Active]
title: Project Sidewalk
featured-img: projects/sidewalk
img-type: jpg
---
Project Sidewalk is working to understand street-level accessibility in cities at scale. Our team
developed an online to collect data that allows anyone to virtually audit streets in different 
cities and label different accessibility problems/features. This is an ongoing research project
at the Makeability Lab. All our our code is open-source and is publicly hosted on 
[Github](https://github.com/ProjectSidewalk/SidewalkWebpage).

Check out some of our work! We're currently deployed in three cities!
* [Seattle, WA](https://sidewalk-sea.cs.washington.edu)
* [Newberg, OR](https://sidewalk-newberg.cs.washington.edu)
* [Washington DC](https://sidewalk-dc.cs.washington.edu)

Here are some of the ways that I've been involved in Project Sidewalk:
## Engineering Work
* **Designed and developed a validation interface** using JavaScript, Scala, HTML and CSS. The 
  validation interface allows users to view previously placed labels and can either agree/disagree 
  with them or mark them as "not sure". This hopefully allows us to collect more data about the
  *correctness* of labels. So far, we have collected over 20,000 label validations.

* **Helped maintain and develop new features for the core audit interface**. I worked primarily on 
  adding new UI features to the audit mission interface and fixing existing bugs. An example of a
  feature that I added is a small question mark symbols that appears over labels that have not been
  assigned a severity rating yet.

## Research
* **Co-authored two papers**. I did some qualitative analysis for our CHI2019 and ASSETS2019
papers. I did some quantitative analysis and helped with some of the writing for CHI2019 as well. 
We won a Best Paper Award for our CHI paper.
    * Weld, G., Jang, E., Li, A., **Zeng, A.**, Heimerl, K., Froehlich, J. (2019) “*Deep Learning 
      for Detecting Sidewalk Accessibility Using Streetscape Imagery*”. Proceedings of ASSETS 2019. 
      [Acceptance Rate: 41/158 (25.9%)].
    * Saha, M., Saugstad, M., Maddali, H., **Zeng, A.**, Holland, R., Bower, S., Dash, A., Chen, S., 
      Li, A., Hara, K., Froehlich, J. (2019) “*Project Sidewalk: A Web-based Crowdsourcing Tool for 
      Collecting Sidewalk Accessibility Data at Scale*”. Proceedings of CHI 2019. [Acceptance Rate: 
      705/2958 (23.8%)]. [Best Paper Award – Top 1% of all submissions] 

## Other
* **Gave a poster presentation at the annual Allen School undergraduate/5th year masters poster
  fair**. Our poster won second place!
* **Gave research talks at multiple UW venues**, including: ACM Research Night (to expose and
  recruit UW CSE undergrads to research), Dawgbytes Research in CS, UW Undergrad Research Symposium.